Added tip to check the installed UserDefinableApiEndpoint DxM version (#2654)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/User-Defined_APIs/Troubleshooting/UD_APIs_Troubleshooting.md

1. Make sure the **version of the UserDefinableApiEndpoint DxM is compatible with the DMA**.

   Sometimes, breaking changes need to be made to the communication between the DxM and the DMA. This will result in an increment of the major digit of the DxM version. DxMs with a specific major range version are not compatible with DataMiner versions that are intended to communicate with a different major range version. For example, the 2.X.X range of a DxM is not compatible with DataMiner versions that are made for the 3.X.X range of the DxM.

   To see which range is **supported** by a DataMiner version, check the DxM installer that was delivered with the currently installed DataMiner version. You can find this in the folder `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Tools\ModuleInstallers` on the DMA.

   To see which range is **installed**, go to the "Installed apps" configuration window in Windows and search for the "DataMiner UserDefinableApiEndpoint" app.

>    If the installed version range is lower than the supported range, use the installer in the `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Tools\ModuleInstallers` folder to upgrade the DxM. If the installed version range is higher, first uninstall the process and then re-install it using the installer in that folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the installed version range is lower than the supported range, use the installer in the `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Tools\ModuleInstallers` folder to upgrade the DxM. If the installed version range is higher, first uninstall the DataMiner UserDefinableApiEndpoint app via the "Installed apps" window and then re-install it using the installer in that folder.
```
